so this is Manis a generalized AI agent
system that allows you to build or
research or do pretty much anything and
it's using the most cuttingedge tools
out there it's like combining operator
with deep research giving it its own
Linux environment having multiple agents
work together and it works really well
let's just watch a demo of how it works
so this is deeply analyzing the Tesla
stock and this is a replay so I'd like a
thorough analysis of Tesla stock
including and we give it a bunch of
instructions the first thing you'll see
it do is come up with a to-do list and
so this is what you're seeing and it's
operating at the same time by the way so
create a project directory create a
to-do file outline all the requirements
and it's really cool because you can
actually see it working along the way
and it can use the browser and you can
take over at any time and check out the
Linux environment it's super impressive
but the cool thing is most of these
tools are open source it's probably
using CLA 3.7 Sonet under the Hood it's
using browser use for the actual agent
to be able to control the browser it's
using Linux and so technically anybody
can really create this not to say that
it's not really difficult to do it right
but they're not using a fine-tuned model
there's not really anything under the
hood that you couldn't use yourself but
again it's very very impressive and very
difficult to pull off well so here we
can see I'll help you create a
comprehensive analysis of the Tesla
stock here it's connecting data sources
so of course it can do web search here
you can see it's navigating through its
own Linux environment so make directory
P Tesla analysis and CD into that
directory and create the to-do file and
so this is definitely the most
comprehensive no code agent software
that I've ever seen here you can see it
navigating through the directory it's
installing beautiful soup and here it's
starting to Output some information now
here if we go forward we can also see
here's some code here's the terminal it
switches back to its to-do list and
checks it off as it's going I mean it is
just super impressive I'd say the most
impressive part is its ability to make
errors and then fix those errors and so
when you kick off a task in Manis you
should be prepared for it to be going
for a while I asked it to write two
games so far and it took hours to do and
so look at all of this output this is
all the research that it's doing so you
could see it's actually creating
different charts and graphs and at the
very end we actually have a live
dashboard so if we click into it here it
is this was created by Manis all in one
go so here you could see the investment
recommendations the different financial
performance and valuation analysis
market analysis technical analysis I
mean this looks absolutely gorgeous and
was completely built by Manis so they
have a bunch of different examples
here's one trip to Japan in April so
we'll skip to the results it's just
replaying one that's already done and so
here's the 7-Day itinerary so day one
arrival in Tokyo day two exploration day
three hidden gems really really
impressive and it did a bunch of
research on our behalf and so it does
have a benchmark it has the Gaia
Benchmark which it's only comparing
against deep research which I found
interesting and so we have level one
level two and level three and in all
three Manis pass at one scored well
above deep research and level two about
even and then level three well above
deep research now again I find it very
interesting that it's only comparing
against deep research because it is so
much more than just deep research since
it has its own environment its ability
to code its ability to execute code it
can go browse the web similar to deep
research and just so much more now Jen
on X says so I simply asked manace to
give me the files and it gave me their
sandbox runtime code so it is claudon it
with 29 different tools it says without
multi-agent but I'm pretty sure it's
using multi-agent I think there's a
manager agent and I think that manager
agent dispatches things to specialized
agents to accomplish it is using browser
use which is an open source framework to
allow agents to control a browser and
the CEO of man has actually jumped in
and confirmed it's not that complicated
the sandbox is directly accessible to
each user each session has its own
sandbox completely isolated from other
sessions user can enter the sandbox
directly through mana's interface and
again manace is impressive because it is
the most holistic use of AI that I've
seen it basically takes the best of
everything we've seen out there and puts
it all together in a really nice package
the code in the sandbox is only used to
receive commands from from the agent so
it's lightly ausc the tools design isn't
a secret and it says right here
multi-agent implementation is one of
man's key features when messaging with
Manis you only communicate with the
executor agent which itself doesn't know
the details of knowledge planner or
other agents I mean this is just so so
cool and we did use browser source's
open source code which is great it's
open source that's the point in fact we
use many different open source
Technologies which is why I specifically
mentioned in the launch video that Manis
wouldn't exist without the open source
Community we'll have a series of
acknowledgements and collaborations
coming up I truly hope Manis itself goes
open source but I'm not holding my
breath but towards the end he does say
we'll be open sourcing quite a few good
things in the near future now although
it's being reported that they're using
Claud Sonet he does say right here we
have a lot of fine tune models in our
company some of man's planning
techniques originated from this model
I've open sourced last October so there
it is the Steiner 32b preview thanks to
the the sponsor of this segment Lang
trce they have been awesome Partners to
us so excited to tell you about them
again today Lang trce is a leading AI
software development consulting company
that builds AI products to propel your
business forward those products include
an open source and open Telemetry based
observability and evaluations platform
that helps you evaluate and improve your
llm usage in your application it's
trusted by thousands of developers from
early stage companies all the way up to
Fortune 500 companies Lang Trace helps
developers collect and analyze traces
collect data sets and run evaluations
resulting in highly reliable and secure
AI systems again link traces open source
and open Telemetry and plugs in easily
with open AI mraw deep seek Gemini weeva
pine cone and more L Trace offers
endtoend observability tracing
everything from llms to Vector databases
and framework level calls like crew AI
llama index dspi and Lang chain with
Native support for crew AI which you
know I love L Trace provides a
custombuilt dashboard to track crew AI
sessions agents tasks tools and memory
track everything your agents are doing
so go from shiny demos to Reliable AI
products easily with Lang trce check out
Lang trce it is open source and if you
want to use their hosted version you can
get 20% off right now if you use the
link in my description and if you want
to learn more Join one of their coming
webinars where they go over everything
so check them out they've been a great
partner go star their GitHub and thanks
again to L Trace now back to the video
all right so let me show you a few
examples of what people have built with
Manis so this is AK from Twitter prompt
make a 3js endless Runner game and there
we go I mean this is super impressive
this is one prompt one go here are some
more examples here is clone the Apple
website and this sure looks good to me
and of course here is the 3D browser
based Flight Simulator game and this
looks darn good as well here's an AI
game kind of looks like Red Dead
Redemption but you can't walk around yet
but still very impressive here's an
incredible animation really cool really
dizzying and here's another open source
project that we know it uses now e2b
which is an open source coding runtime
for AI agents so a lot of really cool
open source Technologies all being put
together in a single very polished
product I was able to get a Manis invite
code from hattis from Groo thank you so
much to her for giving that to me and
one thing that surprised me is that
Manis is actually the same company that
made monica. IM who has sponsored this
channel although this video is not
sponsored and I got access to manace on
my own so I created two different games
just to try it out the first is one that
I've seen everywhere online which is
create a 3D browser based multiplayer
flight simulator and I wanted to see how
far we can get in one go so that's what
I did and you can already see so making
the directory making the to-do and if I
click into it you can see the to-do list
list so research 3D web Technologies
research multiplayer implementation
evaluate framework options and it took a
long time but of course it should it's a
big project and so you can see all of
the output here and at the very end it
actually tried to run the game within
its own environment but I couldn't get
it working uh so I actually just said
download me the files and surprisingly
that worked it zipped up the files and
let me download it quite easily the
other game that I created is a game
called cho cho rocket maybe you've heard
of it it was a really fun game way back
on the Dreamcast console and it was kind
of a unique game where there's these
little mice running around a board and
you basically try to get them to if I
remember correctly fall into a hole and
it's a multiplayer game kind of high
intensity high energy it was a lot of
fun so I asked it to create that as well
and it actually did its research which
you can see here so it found a PDF for
it and it scrolled through the PDF
learned everything about the game and
this is the game it's kind of hard to
read on this PDF but it's really cool
it's basically the exact instructions on
how this game works and so then it
started building I've successfully
implemented the core game Mechanics for
our Choo Cho rocket web implementation
and all the way at the bottom it finally
did it and it told me how to get it
running and allowed me to download the
file as well now unfortunately both of
the games that I created out of the box
didn't quite work they were kind of
close to starting but they didn't work
so here's an example you can actually
see the 3D flight simulator kind of
loaded up but definitely not working and
here's Choo Cho rocket enter your name
I'll join a room hit ready and it says
all players are ready game starting but
does not start so I could probably work
a little bit more with Manis to get
these working but I just wanted to show
it to you and show you that sometimes it
doesn't get it going right away and
already because a lot of the underlying
technology of Manis is built with open
source and nothing really specialized we
we have multiple open-source versions of
Manis already the first is called Owl by
camel Ai and here it is it already by
the way has 8 and half thousand stars it
achieves a 58.8 on the Gaia Benchmark
and that was within just a few hours of
being created and so just like Manis it
has real-time information retrieval
multimodal processing browser automation
document parsing code execution and a
ton of built-in tools and then we have
another version called Anis yes that is
how you pronounce it Anis same thing
execute complex tasks collaborate in
multi-agent environments execute with
web services and this is so awesome
every time a new project comes out where
it's closed Source although we'll see if
manice ends up being open source the
open source Community Dives in and
starts building it and the funny thing
is it was actually built with Manis so
Manis was used to build one of these
open source projects so Manz is very
impressive I've seen a bunch of really
good working demos obviously on the
website you can see it yourself so yeah
I'm going to keep playing with it let me
know what you think if you enjoyed this
video please consider giving a like And
subscribe and I'll see you in the next
one